try to decrease messages timeouts (#314)
vtex-apps/admin-pages: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Changed

> - Decreas batch size AGAIN to make less probable a timeout with messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Decrease batch size AGAIN to make a timeout with messages service less probable.
```
